# Workout Tracker Site

    My website will help users track their workouts and diets so that they can see their progress, stay accountable to themselves and others, and do so easily from their phone.  They also will have access to stock workout plans that they can modify, as well as instructions on various workouts and recommended diets.  Upon signing in, a user can see their weekly/daily calendar and know exactly what they've planned for that day.  They will see what other people they've friended have accomplished that week as well.  This will be ideal for runners or gym goers to maintain schedules and diets for their physical health.

# Key Features

- Sign-in/account creation: to better assist individuals using the site, each account will store their personal plans and calendars, among other things
- Workout Calendar: plan several weeks ahead and list specifics of how you'll workout.  After a workout, update the day with what actuals occured during the workout.  Adjust plans based on pacing you see in your workouts.
- Diet Calendar: similar to the workout calendar, and optional for those who do not wish to use, is a calendar for tracking food.  For people who struggle to eat too much or too little, this will let people track their calories, protein, number of meals, time of day that meals are eaten, etc.
- Workout suggestions: someone who wants to try a new kind of exercise can view instructions on new kinds of workouts.
- Community: people can see their friends' Personal Bests when they make new ones.  They can brag to their small circle to get support and praise for their accomplishments.

# Technologies
- HTML: at least five html pages, 1 for a very mini social page to see friends' accomplishments and like them, 2 to hold the calendars, 1 for logging in, and at least one, maybe more, for an information database displaying example workouts, diets, and instructions. 
- CSS: Styling for the basic backgrounds of the website, accounting for the large space that calendars will take up on a screen
- Javascript: A lot of the social page and the login/register page will use Jscript.  Also, on the calendar, when a PR is met an option to add that to the social page
- React: use this to display the social tab, loading the 'post' objects into the social tab view
- Web Service: I will use preexisting calendar API's and modify them for my purposes
- Authentification: Each user will have to sign in before using the website
- Database Data: The database will store the calendar data, social tab posts, and user information such as a friends list
- Websocket Data: The calendars and the social tab will be generated by websocket data.

  # Mockup
